docs/source/getting_started.rst, before:

===============
Getting Started
===============

.. warning:: *django-oscar-support* has been tested with Oscar 0.6 ``master``
    (due to it's pre-release state) and only works with commit `4aea545de3`_
    or later. Due to major changes in the stock record architecture and the
    customer account templates earlier version will not work with the
    instructions below.

.. _`4aea545de3`: https://github.com/tangentlabs/django-oscar/commit/4aea545de3d79fb20af49c24984541873c6be89c

Installation
------------

The following few steps will walk you through setting up the support system
within your existing Oscar project. If you don't have Oscar setup already, take
a look at the `documentation for Oscar`_ on how to setup your shop.

Start off by installing the required package either from PyPI::

    pip install django-oscar-support


or install the latest version from github using::

    pip install git+https://github.com/tangentlabs/django-oscar-support.git

To make your Django project aware of the new package add it to your
``INSTALLED_APPS``::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'oscar_support',
        ...
    )

and run the migrations to make sure that all the required tables are created in
the database. In most cases this will be something like but might be different
depending on your project setup::

    ./manage.py migrate oscar_support


Integrating The UI
------------------

The support system hooks into two different places of Oscar: the profile of a
customer and the dashboard for support agents. *django-oscar-support* provides
a default UI for these two entry points but they need to be hooked into your
Oscar project. Let's start by adding the URL patterns to your current project
by adding the following line into your ``urls.py`` file::

    import oscar_support.urls

    urlpatterns = patterns(''
        ...
        url(r'^', include(shop.urls)),  # Oscar's URL patterns
        url(r'^', include(oscar_support.urls)),
        ...
    )

This will provide all the URLs required to interact with the support system.
The next step is to make the dashboard UI available in the navigation using
Oscar's ``OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION`` settings::

    # import this if you want to make the label below translatable
    from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _

    ....

    OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION = OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION + [
        {
            'label': _("Support"),
            'icon': 'icon-comments',
            'url_name': 'support-dashboard:ticket-list',
        }
    ]

.. note:: Make sure that you aren't using ``OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION +=``
    because this will cause duplicate entries due to a bug in Django that will
    only be fixed in version 1.6+

All that is left to do now is integrating the customer-facing part of the
support system. The templates that come with *django-oscar-support* extend
Oscar's customer account templates and should pick up the styles that are
defined there following Oscar's template customisation process. If you are not
sure how this works, take a look at `How to customise templates`_ in the Oscar
docs.

Let's look at a simple way to add the customer-facing side of the support
system into the customer's profile page. We can achieve that by integrating a
link to the *ticket overview* page into the customer profile navigation. The
first thing to do is to create ``customer/baseaccountpage.html`` in your
template directory and add the following content::

    {% extends "oscar/customer/baseaccountpage.html" %}
    {% load i18n %}
    {% load url from future %}

    {% block standard_tabs %}
        {{ block.super }}
        <li>
            <a href="{% url 'support:customer-ticket-list' %}">{% trans "Support" %}</a>
        </li>
    {% endblock %}

This adds a *Support* navigation element to the end of the profile
navigation. If you are using a more customised set of templates it might be
better to take a look at the templates in ``oscar_support/templates`` and
integrate extended templates into your own template directory.


.. note:: This is just the beginning, there's more docs to come.


.. _`documentation for Oscar`: http://django-oscar.readthedocs.org/en/latest/internals/getting_started.html
.. _`How to customise templates`: http://django-oscar.readthedocs.org/en/latest/howto/how_to_customise_templates.html

Commit message:

Add documentation and default settings for DRF

docs/source/getting_started.rst, after:

===============
Getting Started
===============

.. warning:: *django-oscar-support* has been tested with Oscar 0.6 ``master``
    (due to it's pre-release state) and only works with commit `4aea545de3`_
    or later. Due to major changes in the stock record architecture and the
    customer account templates earlier version will not work with the
    instructions below.

.. _`4aea545de3`: https://github.com/tangentlabs/django-oscar/commit/4aea545de3d79fb20af49c24984541873c6be89c

Installation
------------

The following few steps will walk you through setting up the support system
within your existing Oscar project. If you don't have Oscar setup already, take
a look at the `documentation for Oscar`_ on how to setup your shop.

Start off by installing the required package either from PyPI::

    pip install django-oscar-support


or install the latest version from github using::

    pip install git+https://github.com/tangentlabs/django-oscar-support.git

To make your Django project aware of the new package add it to your
``INSTALLED_APPS``::

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'oscar_support',
        ...
    )

and while you are in your ``settings.py`` (or whatever your settings file is
called) add the following line to enable sensible default settings for
*django-oscar-support*::
    
    from oscar_support.defaults import *

Now run the migrations to make sure that all the required tables are created in
the database. In most cases this will be something like but might be different
depending on your project setup::

    ./manage.py migrate oscar_support


Integrating The UI
------------------

The support system hooks into two different places of Oscar: the profile of a
customer and the dashboard for support agents. *django-oscar-support* provides
a default UI for these two entry points but they need to be hooked into your
Oscar project. Let's start by adding the URL patterns to your current project
by adding the following line into your ``urls.py`` file::

    import oscar_support.urls

    urlpatterns = patterns(''
        ...
        url(r'^', include(shop.urls)),  # Oscar's URL patterns
        url(r'^', include(oscar_support.urls)),
        ...
    )

This will provide all the URLs required to interact with the support system.
The next step is to make the dashboard UI available in the navigation using
Oscar's ``OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION`` settings::

    # import this if you want to make the label below translatable
    from django.utils.translation import ugettext_lazy as _

    ....

    OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION = OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION + [
        {
            'label': _("Support"),
            'icon': 'icon-comments',
            'url_name': 'support-dashboard:ticket-list',
        }
    ]

.. note:: Make sure that you aren't using ``OSCAR_DASHBOARD_NAVIGATION +=``
    because this will cause duplicate entries due to a bug in Django that will
    only be fixed in version 1.6+

All that is left to do now is integrating the customer-facing part of the
support system. The templates that come with *django-oscar-support* extend
Oscar's customer account templates and should pick up the styles that are
defined there following Oscar's template customisation process. If you are not
sure how this works, take a look at `How to customise templates`_ in the Oscar
docs.

Let's look at a simple way to add the customer-facing side of the support
system into the customer's profile page. We can achieve that by integrating a
link to the *ticket overview* page into the customer profile navigation. The
first thing to do is to create ``customer/baseaccountpage.html`` in your
template directory and add the following content::

    {% extends "oscar/customer/baseaccountpage.html" %}
    {% load i18n %}
    {% load url from future %}

    {% block standard_tabs %}
        {{ block.super }}
        <li>
            <a href="{% url 'support:customer-ticket-list' %}">{% trans "Support" %}</a>
        </li>
    {% endblock %}

This adds a *Support* navigation element to the end of the profile
navigation. If you are using a more customised set of templates it might be
better to take a look at the templates in ``oscar_support/templates`` and
integrate extended templates into your own template directory.


Configuring The RESTful API
---------------------------

*django-oscar-support* provides and uses a RESTful API for serveral resources
such as the User. We use `django-rest-framework`_ (DRF) to provide the API URLs
and render the data into a RESTful format. This also provides authentication
mechanisms that can easily configured in the the settings file. We provide
sensible defaults for this in ``oscar_support.defaults`` that you probably
added to your settings already if you followed the instructions above. 

The default configuration for DRF restricts API usage to session-based
authentication and only provides JSON as serialisation format. We also disable
the browsable API provided by DRF to avoid accidentally exposing it in
production. You can change all of these settings by overriding the
``REST_FRAMEWORK`` dictionary in your settings file. For more info on settings
available for DRF take a look at `their excellent documentation`_.

.. note:: This is just the beginning, there's more docs to come.




.. _`documentation for Oscar`: http://django-oscar.readthedocs.org/en/latest/internals/getting_started.html
.. _`How to customise templates`: http://django-oscar.readthedocs.org/en/latest/howto/how_to_customise_templates.html

.. _`django-rest-framework`: http://django-rest-framework.org
.. _`their excellent documentation`: http://django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/settings.html
